# Draceton 🧛
## Note-taking so good, it's scary

website: https://draceton.vercel.app/

Draceton is a simple demo of a full-stack note-taking application with a little bit of a Dracula theme. 

**IMPORTANT: Authentication is faked to make testing a bunch of accounts easier. Because of this, you shouldn't save anything real to the database, and there might be a little jumpiness when logging in and logging out since it doesn't have to make a network request.**

Features include:
- Users can create, edit, and delete notes. They can also change the text and background colors of the notes.
- Users can search the content of the notes.
- Notes must be between 20 and 300 characters.
- There are two demo "accounts" based on characters from Dracula. 
  - Jonathan Harker has a bunch of notes that have been generated from the first chapter of Dracula ([foundat Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/files/345/345-h/345-h.htm)). The notes are random lengths, which is why it cuts off mid-sentence sometimes - it was just an on-brand way to create a bunch of notes at once. If I come back to this app later, I'll use it to add pagination.
  - Lucy Westerna has a handful of notes generated by ChatGPT from the prompt "write ten examples of marketing copy for a note-taking app with a dracula theme." I thought they were pretty clever, so I included them!
- The frontend uses Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind, SWR, and graphql-request. It's deployed on Vercel.
  - I also make a reusable button style with SCSS for demostration purposes.
- The backend uses Nest.js, GraphQL, TypeScript, and a SQLite database. I deployed it on Railway. Normally I'd set up a Postgres database, but I decided to keep it simple for this iteration.
- Since it's all the rage nowadays and it's Dracula-themed, there's also dark mode 🌝

To run the frontend after cloning this repo:
1. `cd client`
2. copy `.env.example` to `.env` and update the values (right now, it's just public URLs, so it's fine to just copy)
3. `yarn install`
4. `yarn dev`, and it should run on port 3000.

To run the backend after cloning this repo:
1. `cd client`
2. copy `.env.example` to `.env` and update the values (right now, it's just public URLs, so it's fine to just copy)
3. `yarn install`
4. `yarn dev`, and it should run on port 3000.

Since there's currently an SQLite db, you should already have the starter data. In a real app I'd have a more proper migration etc. flow, but this is what I usually do to reset:
1. delete `server/prisma/migrations`
2. delete `server/prisma/dev.db` and, if it exists, `server/prisma/dev.db.journal`
3. run `npx prisma migrate dev --name init`. This should initialize and seed the database using `server/prisma/seed.ts`
4. restart the server